with over 90,000 square feet of
heart-pounding pipes spines bowls you
name it they got it
Markham's Joyride 150 indoor bike park
has every type of riding from mountain
biking jumping to BMX street style and
it's for every kind of rider from expert
to beginner what do you do for us today
regardless of experience manager Shannon
Bentley assures us the bike park is for
adrenaline junkies of all ages
we've got riders as young as 18 months
on little strider run bikes so they
don't have pedals they just push
themselves along and they learn the
balance they've learned how to ride and
we've got all the way up to you know 70
year old riders that will ride the
cross-country trail the mountain bike
trail for some fitness popular for his
amazing street style skills rider
christian fellow gee isn't worried about
how age affects his ride in fact he
plans on throwing his next birthday in
the park my 40th is coming up and I plan
on celebrating in here birthday seemed
to be the norm here with family
celebrating by getting their ride on
bridges here celebrating Carter's
birthday party and having some fun
riding some bikes beyond the festivities
organizers say the parks main attraction
is the spirit and camaraderie it
provides for all of its riding fans the
coolest thing about this park is the
fact that my kid is just so passionate
about it and the atmosphere is amazing
it's it's almost like a big family here
seeing all types of rides for all types
of riders it was time to get my own ride
on after a rookie run through the tracks
with Shannon as my guide I felt
confident to end my day with my first
jump
or should I say dive into the foam pit
alright I'm ready for the phone so hold
on to my bike or run to my bike hold on
to my bike
Shannon thank you joy ride 150 I'm
Nelson Tomi and that's your 3G living
working
whoo-ha
you